sQuorum Core version *v1.1.0* is now available from:  <https://github.com/heliumchain/helium/releases>

This is the first sQuorum wallet release following a rebrand from Helium to sQuorum. In addition to the change of name and branding/logos, this wallet release includes hundreds of bug fixes and performance improvements, as well as updated translations which were ported in from PIVX.

Please report bugs using the issue tracker at github: <https://github.com/heliumchain/helium/issues>


Recommended Update
==============

sQuorum Core v1.1.0 is NOT a mandatory update (although it is *highly* recommended). Users can choose to stay with v0.16.0 or v0.15.2 of Helium if they wish to remain in 2018. The sQuorum wallet integrates seamlessly with the Helium network; in fact it is very much the exact same blockchain.  There is no need to swap Helium for sQuorum.  HLM and SQR may be sent between sQuorum Core v1.1.0 and Helium Core v0.16.0 and Helium Core v0.15.2 at a rate of 1 to 1.  sQuorum Core v1.1.0 does contain major and bug significant fixes and performance improvements which should be reason enough to install the upgrade.

How to Upgrade
==============

If you are running an older version, make a backup of your wallet.dat file and then shut down the wallet. Wait until it has completely shut down (which might take a few minutes for older versions), then run the installer to install the updated wallet.

If you had never installed the Helium Core client, then you are finished.

If you had previously been running Helium Core, you should copy the following files into the sQuorum data folder to access your old Helium data.

Files to Import from Helium:
--------------------------

- wallet.dat `this restores your balance and transactions`
- helium.conf `copy this file and rename it to squorum.conf`
- masternode.conf `necessary only if you have masternodes`


**Where are these data files located on my computer?**

Your Helium/sQuorum data directory stores your blockchain, configuration, wallet, and masternode data. By default, they are located in the following locations for each OS type:

## Windows

Go to Start > Run > %APPDATA%\helium
(or just enter the above path in explorer)
or C:\Users\\%username%\AppData\Roaming\helium


## OSX (MacOS)

Open a finder window, then select the "Go" dropdown menu. In this menu please press the "Go to Folder..." option. In the window that opens type: ~/Library/Application Support/helium and press enter. If the folder cannot be found please repeat the steps and enter: ~/.helium

~/Library/Application\ Support/helium
(/Users/YourUserName/Library/Application\ Support/helium)

MacOS High Sierra Only
~/.pivx
(/Users/YourUserName/.helium)

*To see hidden folders on Mac OS - Hold down Command+Shift+Dot*

## Linux
~/.helium
(Hidden folder ".helium" - control+h to display in the GUI, ls -a to display in terminal)

NOTE: To find the **squorum** data folders, simply look in the above locations for **squorum** instead of helium


Compatibility
==============

sQuorum Core is tested on multiple operating systems using the Linux kernel, macOS 10.10+, and Windows 7 and later.

Microsoft ended support for Windows XP on [April 8th, 2014](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/WindowsForBusiness/end-of-xp-support), No attempt is made to prevent installing or running the software on Windows XP, you can still do so at your own risk but be aware that there are known instabilities and issues. Please do not report issues about Windows XP to the issue tracker.

sQuorum Core should also work on most other Unix-like systems but is not frequently tested on them.

Notable Changes
==============

Gitian-build.py script fixed
--------------------------

Problems with the previous gitian-build script prevented the process from completing builds autoamtically.  This script was updated and members can now complete their own gitian builds by following the instructions in the readme files.

Remove zerocoin from GUI
--------------------------

There were several instances of zerocoin appearing in our GUI and code which were unnecessary because Zerocoin is disabled on the sQuorum blockchain.  These have been removed from this release.

Correct issues with budget commands
--------------------------

Issues with the budget proposal and implementation system as well as budget commands were resolved and improved.

Too many other fixes to list here
--------------------------

This release includes more than 500 different code improvements, tweaks, customizations, and rewrites-- almost all of which were committed by Stamek who worked diligently to port these over from PIVX to improve our project.

## Credits

Thanks to everyone who contributed to this release:
 **Stamek
- akcryptoguy
- whiz
- Cryptotron
- Stonehedge
- TAFKAT**
